[Music]
Hello friends of the channel,
how are you my dear
lovers of salsa? Now it seems like I'm going to
disconnect for a couple of days and Celia doesn't
seem like she does it on purpose and the
news breaks when one is
looking the other way, not when one is not
calm, I have been very surprised by
the opinion that the mass of people has had
regarding this, I am going to give you a
slightly different approach, let's see, not so much
but a little different and the truth is I am
surprised that people have not said
this, I am going to tell you before, but well,
I am going to say what I think and I will be
reading to see if you think the same as me,
no, as you already know, Antonio Canales was
fired from 'Sálvame' Carlota Corredera
live the day before yesterday, no,
while she had been
announcing it all afternoon with great fanfare, until
now we will tell you who we are going to
fire from work. Not firing someone from
work in public seems like a
humiliation to me, not if they do it in a
normal, ordinary company in front of your
colleague, it is quite humiliating, but even
more so if you do it on a program
with a  million viewers
the truth is humiliating it is a
humiliation you should and legal I don't know if it
is or not but it should be okay on the
one hand antonio canales obviously takes it
badly and throws caldo in her face
this corredera as if he doesn't care
that she expels him that it seems wrong to
do it in public but how good
that the program is going under that
less and less people watch it and that it is watched because it
will be not because it is becoming
a program that sells smoke and that less and
less people watch it I think it is
because he is not corredera whether it was
part of selling smoke don't sell smoke in
sálvame it has always sold smoke I mean I have already
said it on many occasions
sálvame has had headlines in the afternoon
until now or will we say a famous person
that you have problems with
body odor I mean sálvame has not changed in
fact I think it has even moderated
somewhat in quotes okay but the
selling smoke has always been I think that
people I
think people are stopping
watching it when Carlota corredera presents it
because Carlota corredera has
generated a rejection  tremendous to the
audience okay I think that here in the
afternoon it was only the
most radical faces who could stand it but he is
a person who cannot be in
charge of a program presenting it
because he does not respect the opinions of the
audience itself or the
collaborators' videos okay anyway I
tell you that these are also times being
honest no although I would like them to
give him a good pull on the ear
sálvame being honest it is not the end of
sálvame because the audience has fallen in
this way there would still be a
long way to go for them to go bankrupt yes it is
true that people are giving it a
little tap yes it is true that they are
watching more now Antena 3 in that time slot
it seems that the series is having more
success but there is still a
long way to go for it to sink I what I think is that
when Carlos La Corredera is on the
program people turn it off because they can't
watch it in my opinion I think that is
why the fall in audience
also that we are in August the
audience is noticeable up to here on YouTube
and surely when the
docudrama starts the second part of the docudrama
then  the audience will recover so it's
not the end of rescues I know that
many
celebrate it it's not the end of knowing and about
what up to 1 channels says, well if one
gets a good one, it's worth it,
in quotes, in quotes, being totally sincere I
don't understand why I applauded him so much for what
he said and I don't understand why
the blue tide is supporting
Antonio Canales so much because despite the fact that he
was with Olga during the contest,
then when he left
the contest and went to save me from light, well
the truth is that he agreed with everything
Belén Rodríguez said and denied with you, he
denied everything that La Isla said
basically, I mean, he
said one thing to Olga's face, then when she left he said
another and then on the program in the
final debate, that anger went crazy
and he said something else to Jordi,
adding to what he saw that
people were saying on the networks and in the
public,
I don't trust myself sincerely, I mean, I would
put him in quarantine a bit, Antonio
Canales, I've already said it many times, I don't  He
seems like a bad person and a bad
man but the truth is I don't trust him, I mean, one
day he tells you one thing, another day he tells you the
opposite, then he tells you something else again
and then he'll tell you the opposite
and he goes on rhyming hype wherever he goes seeing
that the tide is going, I mean, he's been
working on sálvame and now you're happy
that he's losing the audience when they
fired you when you're so humiliated but if they
hadn't fired you they don't say anything about how you
're losing the audience or
that there are fewer and fewer people because they
sell smoke he would stick to it he would stay there
working if they didn't have
like you too then I don't understand
the applause the applause of the people
the big sack of Antonio Canales and how
well his words have been received well
I honestly don't understand it so much on the
channel I will put it in quarantine a bit and
for me the big sack would have been if he had left the
program if he thinks they
sell smoke but that he would have left on
his own two feet okay that I would have raised it I would have
told him hey I'm leaving the program I
don't want to work here because it sells and
added the three doing very badly and each
time the audience  He's getting lost, that would be
a sack, but the tantrum
once he's been kicked out doesn't seem like
a sack to me. That's my opinion. This law in the
comment box, today I have a lot of
news for you. Stay tuned to the channel,
subscribe, activate the bell, and I
send you a huge hug.
[Music]